# final-project
I really enjoyed the CSS animation section of the course and want to explore and expand more on the tools that CSS animation provides. One of the animations I really enjoyed was the rotation animation where an image simply makes a 360 degree circular movement. For one webpage, I want to mainly focus and exemplify this animation. I want to have maybe 3 to 4 rotating images on the webpage, rotating at various speeds perhaps. The other I want to implement is for the user to be able to click the background and have the background image rotate. That would be a fun little element. For the second webpage, another CSS animation I liked was the scale transformation. So for this second webpage, I want at least 4 images that when the user hovers over them, they get scaled inward. The 4 images would be thematically related to each other for consistency. For the last webpage, I decided to shake things up and instead of CSS animation, use the html canvas format and use the p5.js file to assist in the animation. I really found the pixel manipulation capability of p5.js to be intriguing, so I wanted to look at that again. On the last webpage, I want to have a video or gif file to be pixel manipulated, and maybe have the surrounding area also be pixel manipulated but in a different manner.

EDIT: Page 2 was changed to a WebGL page because I like the 3d capabilities of WebGL and I wanted to have different animation techniques for all three pages.

[Link to Final Project on i6](http://i6.cims.nyu.edu/~jbl388/dotw/Final_Project/index.html)
